Jai hey Bharat my Hindustan they
were the same don't talk about going away do
n't remember the difficult moments
[Music]
send your war of pandemic across the world
Paul etc with a resolution a single needle has been
inserted
everyone now the soldier has come with the
vaccine will fight the war for the
sake of the country Chauhan will suffer
Chanakya the country will remain that
if you are looking for freedom once again do
n't do it again my country ae watan a
those days are now very near
India's vaccination drive
created a creative world record by getting more than 30,000 people to take the vaccine
ICICI Lombard kept its
promise it will always keep the country safe now you will get to make
India laugh again